Account : They pull the money from customer against the subscription (not returns, mostly different account from that of returns).
As accounting guys dont communicate with the customers, it is support taking those calls and foward it to accounting queue.
Some states gives avalara universal ID to fill taxes, while some dont allow that. Those states need the spcific user ID and P/W for the DoR website.
Authentication 
How to check Go live page ?
To check when the avalara returns will be filed:
Details > Golive > Cases > Golive implementation details > meetings (MoM) :
Calc Go Live : Company set up , connectors , etc
Certs Go live: For certcapture,
Returns GOlive : Active - in process ; Live - returns filing started (may not be updated accurately)
Managed Returns Onboarding: 

Big Commerce : (AIP) Avalara Included Plan 
Avalara makes tie-ups with the commerce platforms so that the commerce product will sell the avalara included in their plan of commerce platform.
*Documentations of cases*
Liability Worksheet doubts : Tax Date , Transacntion Date ,Rebuilt scenerios , rebuilt prcedure.
authentication code : Shared folder.


How to check the forms chosen for the state ?
which form is active for th state in his account ? : filing calendar > under manage filing calendars > select the calendar for the month and state > check the form in the form clumn
Check filing frequncy from liability worksheet ? : Click on the worksheet you see clock filled with red area : 1/4 th - quarterly ; 1/2 - half yearly ; full - anually ; 5 mins arc - monthly
How to check available forms for the state ? : Go to filing calendar , 'select the forms' (under set up filing calendar)

Now , AvaTax Cup :
Returns : 
1. manage nd approve returns - liability worksheet (no hyperlinks on the subtotalled amount instead single option of tax details, etc)
2. Filed returns and comfirmation - filing archives
3. All schedulded returns - filing calendars
4. Tax Notices - Notifications from DoR : Dedicated team for tax notices to confirm or receive notices from DoR
5. Funding power of attorney - POA

